All right.
So now we're going to explore this whole armor tool even further in this particular lecture.
And we'll see how we can make use of them.
So let me just say bye to this already running model, which is the deep sleek R1 model.
We don't even need this anymore.
And now if I want to see what are the things that I can do from this whole armor itself, you see that
the moment I type all armor and space, it's going to show me all the different commands that I can
run with this particular olama.
So it's going to show me the RM to remove a model.
So if you want to say if you want to remove a model like RM, and let's say if I want to remove this
ACN 1.8 billion parameter, and if I hit enter, you see that the moment I do it, it is going to be
deleted from my machine.
So now if I just say Olama and list, it is going to not show that particular model, the Cuban 1.8
billion parameter, because it's completely gone.
And similarly, if I want to delete this particular model, I know this is completely useless.
So I can just say Olama and then RM and I can just say this particular model to delete, it's gone.
And now if I just say hola, my list, that particular model is not there anymore.
And if I wanted to do something like, uh, gonna get some information on this particular model.
I can also do that as well.
So I can just say show and any one of the model, let's say this, uh, deep sea carbon model, you
see that it's going to show me what architecture this model is and what is the parameter support and
what is the context length and what is the embedding length, what is the quantization and also what
are the parameters supports available over there.
So all these informations are going to be shown for me over there.
So these are the things that you can see that you can see using this Allama tool.
And I mean this Allama is pretty much like how you can use like the Docker container.
How do you manage the docker.
How do you run the docker.
Everything that you do in the Docker world, same thing you can do with the Allama.
It's pretty much like the docker of the large language model.
You can run everything from this particular Allama over here.
That's about this Allama tool guys.
And starting our next lecture, we're going to see how we can make use of this Allama large language
model from our local machine and then use it with the Lang chain for building our large language model.